Bristol rugby's first foray onto the
ashton gate pitch of the new season and
didn't defeat at the hands of the
Cardiff Blues the first score came only
a minute after the kickoff when a strong
break from blue center Tom Isaac's was
crowned with a perfect offload to Summer
Hill who fell over the line for the
first score
following a successful conversion from
Davies Karlov added a further seven
points to their tally when damn fish
cruised underneath the posts after
stretching the Bristol defense Bristol
finally got their first points of the
night when they employed there
dependable driving maul started by XL
shark Mark Jones and finished by try
lists Tom Morgan blues hit back minutes
later threw her in Jenkins after
changing the direction of play and
capitalizing on an overlap in front of
the old William stand
after the halftime break in a raft of
changes the home side chipped away at
the blues lead once again through a
drive in more this time Chris brooker
came away from the pile of bodies with
the spoils ten minutes later on the side
of that familiar blue scrum cap at the
back of yet another driving maul
signified another try Ashton Gate the
last season's record try-scorer Holly
Robinson a quick tap penalty from
Robinson's or fans favorite Mitch ed
open his account for the season 15
minutes remaining the visitors edged
back into the lead making the most of
their one-man advantage through Travis
noil strong break a blues penalty push
their lead too far for the home side and
the game ended 26 31
you